SOLIDIFYING TERMINOLOGY:
HTTP: hypertext transfer protocol -> an application layer used to distribute and retrieve information throughout networks.

URL: a human readble address covering the domain name to access a network and files to reach a specific file 
location within that network. Converted from IP address via DNS.

DNS: Domain Name System used to convert a URL into an IP address in order to connect the browser to the desired network location.

The query string is the part of the URL which assigns values to parameters to pass along to the receiver.

GET is used to retrieve information from the host and POST is used to pass information for use by the host.

An HTTP request is made by the browser to the host to have some kind of interation depending on the request (GET, POST).

An HTTP response is a message sent by the host/server to the client to show the status in which the request was received. 
It consists of the HTTP version, a status code, and message body.

An HTTP header is information passed in a request/response which doesn't relate to the information body. 
Typical headers relay information about language, date, hostname, cookies, etc...

Entering the URL results in:
	URL is passed to the DNS to retrieve the corresponding IP address
	Request is made
	Host responds
	Client loads receieved HTML file
	Further requests are made depending on resources receieved.

PRACTICE TOOLS:
curl -H "Accept: text/plain" https://icanhazdadjoke.com/
A dad washes his car with his son. But after a while, the son says, "why can't you just use a sponge?"

curl -H "Accept: text/plain" https://icanhazdadjoke.com/search?term=pirate
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye Matey!
What does a pirate pay for his corn? A buccaneer!
Why couldn't the kid see the pirate movie? Because it was rated arrr!
Why do pirates not know the alphabet? They always get stuck at "C".
Why are pirates called pirates? Because they arrr!

dig https://icanhazdadjoke.com/
172.67.198.173